[AUDIO LOGO]
[THEME MUSIC]
>> As we move on to Scotland,
we enter the eye of Loch Ness.
People were asking if we came
to Loch Ness to see the monster.
And of course, I was saying,
there's no monster here.
But we can interpretate that
that monster is inside of us.
That monster is actually
our perception of reality
and how the ego is trying to
control what it sees outside.
So from a spiritual
point of view,
the monster is us trying
to control the outer world.
From the physical point
of view, that monster only
existed because of whiskey.
Loch Ness, it's a deep fault
that separates the low highlands
from the north highlands.
That lake is like an
eye that sees beyond.
As we went to the lake,
I wanted for people
to understand what
the eye means.
For that, we've been talking
about the realization of how
everything is a projection
from our vision,
from our inner sight.
As we were there in one of the
main and more historical places,
we closed the idea to
go back to the eye,
go back to the inner vision.
As Inverness and all that
region represents the entrance
of the consciousness
in the body,
Loch Ness represents
the pineal gland,
which is the inner
vision, the consciousness.
The pineal gland is the
gland that usually produces
these chemical reactions
that make us sleep or make
us wake up.
So that's why in the
spiritual, energetical aspect
represents to wake up towards
consciousness, awareness,
or to sleep, to live
your life being asleep.
I reflect constantly
what is outside.
And it doesn't mean that
I am creating the outside.
I am just creating my
image of the outside
from my own perspective.
That's why we create our
own realities according
to how we tune our
vision of the world
by understanding that everything
that we'd see outside, inside,
we see the opposite.
So by going into
meditation, we can
switch the image of what
we have in front in order
to change the perception
that we have outside.
We went to our next step,
which was Clava Cairns,
and Clava Cairns is the
entrance of consciousness.
It's the entrance of
all the possibilities
that exist in the universe.
Clava Cairns is a structure that
was used for burial activities.
They would create these circles
to put fire in the center
and call the spirits to
rise up to other dimensions.
It is right aside
a very dark place
related to Scotland history,
which is Culloden Hill.
Culloden was the
battlefield when
the British and
the Scottish fought
for independence
and to keep Scotland
free from the English kingdom.
There were a lot of
people dying there.
But this sacred place,
it was not designed just
as a burial place.
It was designed as a
bridge between dimensions.
And you can tell that
because the structures that
have been created
there, they are exactly
aligned as the pyramids of Giza,
as the constellation of Orion.
The constellation of
Orion is a portal.
And the reason why
that's a portal
is because from our point
of view in this planet,
the stars are aligned with the
auric number or the Fibonacci
spiral.
So that means that the stars
from this point of view
are pointing us, where is
the center or the origin
of our energy in the skies.
Which means that it's a
portal to transcendence
to another dimension.
Every structure that has been
built in our planet related
to the Orion
constellation is not just
to guide us through the sky
but also through dimensions.
That's why this place
is like a portal
for all the different
visions of reality
towards this matter or this
reality, or from this reality,
transcending to
another dimensions.
I relate this with
the eye of God,
with the center of all things.
The idea in that stone
circle was to access that.
And in order to do that, we
had to switch the idea on how
we activate things,
because for this one,
we had to meditate things.
So it was not about singing
songs or activating energies.
It was about meditating
towards the center
and finding the tuning,
like a radio station.
And as I become aware of every
part, I take a deep breath.
Release.
The sounds of activation
means vowels and consonants.
But the sounds of
getting into the eye
means high-pitch or
low-pitch frequencies.
So it's more like
[IMITATING MACHINE SOUNDS],,
like a machine sound.
[IMITATING MACHINE SOUNDS]
So we started to
connect with that
and created a whole spiral
movement towards the center
so we could see the
eye of God, which
is the entire
consciousness, projected
in all the subconscious.
So every eye in the existence
is only one eye in that reality.
When we connected
with that spot,
for me, it was very
powerful because I felt,
again, the frequency of
the eighth dimension.
So it's the weaver, the toroid,
all the eyes spinning around
and connecting to the center.
So the image of this weird
spider that doesn't have a body
started to weave all the
frequencies together,
creating only one eye.
People started to feel that they
were going farther and farther
to the center of something
that they couldn't relate to.
So some of them had
problems going back
because it was too
expansive, and they
had no idea where they were.
But that was the point.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
The circles were created with
these tuning frequencies.
They create a frequency
and heart, human spaceship
into other dimension.
It really takes you
to another level.
And for me, it was
connecting to the dimension
that I was used to live,
which is the eighth dimension.
Yo soy el ojo.
I am the eye.
Where all the eyes are together
and my higher self name, Ghan,
means that, means eye.
But the feeling of
connecting with those eyes
is like a lot of rays of light
going out and coming back
from the dark pupil to the
iris, all the colors around
and then coming
back to the center,
reflecting photons everywhere.
That feeling of trying
to feel that sensation,
it creates the image of those
Indian gods with many arms
around or a spider.
So the feeling is that
there is no up and down.
There is no gravity.
So everything just moves
into any dimension.
You are feeling the
frequency of everything,
like a spider feeling the net.
So it doesn't matter
where you are.
You are feeling
everything, and you don't
have a point of reference.
When I came back, I was trying
to find a point of reference,
like a tree or a
rock or something,
to say I need to ground.
I need to ground.
A lot of people came to me after
that saying, I cannot come back.
I don't know where I am.
I feel that I am
expanded everywhere,
in every direction,
every dimension.
Some of them said, I felt that I
was everywhere at the same time.
Others said, I felt
I went to a planet,
and someone was talking to me.
They felt many weird things
that they are not used to
because the
frequency we tune in,
it was not from the usual
expansion and connection.
It was about going
to a place where
there is no point of reference.
It's a very, very crazy place
where you stop being yourself,
and that is very moving
when you come back.
So that same day that we
activated that in Clava Cairns,
all the eyes together, a
new crop circle appeared,
which was an eye
surrounded by triangles.
When I went for the
first time to Avebury,
I felt this connection
with the crop circles
that has been appearing
for thousands of years.
What they told me was
that the stone circles
had been created in
that region because they
saw the circles on the fields.
And they were just
following where
to build the circles
according to the guidance
of the beings that were
showing that information.
So they understood that
some of the circles
would be like portals that would
help to activate information.
So basically, it was like this
is the information that we
want for you to receive.
And we, in the
physical, put the stones
to absorb that information,
to grab that information.
As we had the point of entrance
and expansion of the eye of God
in Clava Cairns, activate
the pineal gland in Loch Ness
to observe the possibilities of
us being the creators of what
we see, we go outside to the
outer third eye in the forehead,
which is the Island of Lewis.
And the stone circle
there is the one
that connects with the
projection outside the body.
I was explaining in
Garry beach how the stone
circles are created by nature at
first, and then we imitate them.
That's why we went first
to a natural place that
is forming a stone circle, where
the natural stone circle is
being created, and the portal
is being created by nature.
So we could learn about this
electricity and magnetism
of that technology that takes
you to another dimension.
So when you have
only one stone, it's
electrical energy because
it connects up and down
electrically.
So when you have a stone circle,
all the electrical pulses
create a magnetic pulse.
So we can say that every stone
is like the masculine energy,
which is electrical,
going up and down,
connecting to another realities.
And then when you
have a stone circle,
you have all of those electrical
pulses going to the center.
It creates a spinning vortex,
so that's a magnetical,
and that's the feminine.
It means that the
masculine sends data
from one side to another, and
the feminine takes that data
and creates something, manifests
something in the center.
So we have been in the entrance
of the energy of the third eye,
the center of the
third eye, and now we
are at the projection
of the third eye.
For us, in this world
and this reality,
projection means future.
But for the reality
in the universe,
projection means to throw
away something that is inside.
Our next step was Callanish.
The stone circle
there is the one
that connects with the
projection outside the body.
So it's like three
circles, three eyes
that we have in order to
connect to the fourth direction.
Callanish is a very
beautiful stone circle
that has an entrance
from the north
and a way out towards the
south and an alignment
that receives the light of
the sun to a specific cairn
inside, where the
priest or priestess
used to receive the
information of the sun.
And then it's the releasing of
the information into the west.
So the whole system of
Callanish is like an airport,
like an entrance port.
So that explanation
helps us to understand
that the four
directions of Callanish
opening the gates to every
direction of time and space,
with the stone circle
creating a magnetic field.
We have one stone, the
tallest one in the center,
making the electricity.
So that place was supposed
to be used as a way
to create a space machine
that could take you
to every dimension
and go straight
to one specific place, which
in this case is Sirius.
The first time
that I went there,
I went with a group of people.
I wasn't alone.
And I had no idea
what to expect.
My idea was to go there and make
a ceremony during the night,
receive information,
and that's it.
And as I connected there,
I just left the body.
And immediately, I
appeared in a hospital
in Sirius, a wide place, a
bed with the shape of an egg,
and someone laying down.
And I knew that it was me,
the one that was laying down.
And he had a heart attack,
and I felt the heart attack
and how he was dying.
As I was feeling that there,
I was feeling that here.
I felt I was having a heart
attack here in this reality.
So I fell down on the floor, and
people were trying to help me.
And I couldn't come back.
They had to rub me, and so
it was very hard for me.
And he said to his assistant
to show me something.
So he took me to
another building.
And I remember walking through
a hall with crystals aside,
and I could see the
capital, [NON-ENGLISH]..
And it was amazing, the view.
We crossed to the other side.
And as I got there, he
went into a circular hall.
He got in the middle,
and he started
to show me little
models of every stone
circle, every pyramid
and holy place on Earth.
It was a huge place with
all these little models.
Like an architect
working, he was just
touching them like if they
were buttons on a machine.
So as he was spinning,
it was a tuning.
[IMITATING MACHINE SOUNDS],,
like this.
So they were able to
communicate or send information
through them.
It was like a machine for
every stone circle, every rock,
and every place on Earth.
And he went to the stone circle
of Callanish, and he said,
this is where you can
communicate with you here.
So this is the place,
and he was tuning that.
And he said, now come back.
Everything will be OK.
I will be in charge of you.
And I came back, and
I left the place.
So I never came back
until two days ago.
So I was worried
about what to feel.
What would be the connection
in that moment, in that place?
Because it was terrible
for me last time.
And so as we got there,
there were some people.
And naturally, without
me saying anything,
everyone started
to make a circle.
Even the people that were
not part of our group,
they were part of the circle.
And suddenly, the
whole Callanish circle
was full of people in
a circle doing sounds,
and they started to connect.
The idea of going there was
to use the magnetic field
related to the
subconscious and connected
to the antenna of the electrical
stone, which is the conscious.
So the idea was to put all
the subconscious together,
which is very
irregular, very chaotic.
All this fuel that is burning
all the time through emotions
and to put them all together,
aligned to that rock
and rise it up for a few seconds
towards the consciousness.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
In the center, Giga and
I were tuning the sound,
which is the sound here.
So I went to the stone.
I touched the stone.
And suddenly, a
mosquito comes to my ear
and starts to make the
pitch that I needed to find.
And then a bee comes
from the other side,
and it was like
[IMITATING MACHINE SOUNDS]..
So when I started to do that,
everyone started to do the same,
and we all started
to pitch into that.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
When I got it, I started to
go to each one of the sites
to connect with all the
different chakras and wounds
in the subconscious of
everyone and connect them
all into one string from the
heart towards the center.
It was like a spider web,
so from different chakras
connecting to only
one and make it sound.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
The idea was to use
all the subconscious
energy towards the center.
That's why it was so
irregular at the first moment.
It was chaotic sounds because
that was the idea, for them
to call each one of
the dissonant energies
to be the fuel for
one resonant energy.
And as we connect them
all to the center,
I started to create
the snake energy
towards the tree of life, so
all the rotten apples nourishing
the tree.
So the snake could go up and up.
And once it touched the highest
point of the rock, we all tuned.
And in that moment,
[IMITATING MACHINE SOUNDS]..
When everyone tuned,
it was the connection
of the high consciousness
for a moment.
And in that moment,
I went up, up, up.
And suddenly, I felt I entered
that place of all the stone
circles in Sirius.
And when I felt that,
I felt the expansion
of being there with my own self.
And they cut the communication
so I don't get lost there.
And they cut it saying,
like, that's it.
It's perfect.
What you have come
here to do is perfect.
But I saw all 36 codes that were
around in the circle saying,
this is the new download
you will receive because you
are closing a cycle.
Tomorrow is my 36th birthday,
which means that it closed
a cycle of consonants, which are
the codes that I have been doing
every day of my life to wrap
a circle, my own stone circle.
So he showed me all
these codes that I would
receive the day of my birthday.
So I was so happy,
and I felt that I
was called by angels or
whatever when I was coming down.
But actually, I
was falling down.
It felt very soft and beautiful.
But I hit the ground,
and I started to smile
because I felt fine.
But then the whole
body started to hurt.
And that was the end
of the communication.
As we did that activation
there in Callanish,
which is the four directions
and the three circles getting
together, a new crop circle
appeared that same day,
which was related to the three
circles and the middle one
with four philosopher's stones
as a compass to every direction.
I think that we have been
guided from the underground,
from other dimensions.
And the confirmations
of what we are doing
is being shown through
the portal of England.
The initiatic path means to
search for the cold places
to activate energy.
The ceremony at the
Ring of Brodgar, for me,
is like the end of
a path that I've
been led to for a long time.
I actually felt I
understood the messages
Merlin, through many
years, was telling me.
He said, I am guiding
you for you to become me.
[MUSIC PLAYING]